“Learn as if you will live forever, live like you will die tomorrow.” —Mahatma Gandhi
“Stay away from those people who try to disparage your ambitions. Small minds will always do that, but great minds will give you a feeling that you can become great too.”—Mark Twain
“When you give joy to other people, you get more joy in return. You should give a good thought to the happiness that you can give out.” —Eleanor Roosevelt
“When you change your thoughts, remember to also change your world.” —Norman Vincent Peale
“It is only when we take chances that our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk we need to take is to become honest.”—Walter Anderson
“Nature has given us all the pieces required to achieve exceptional wellness and health, but has left it to us to put these pieces together.”—Diane McLaren
“Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.” —Winston Churchill
“It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.” —Herman Melville
“The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.” —Colin R. Davis
“Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.” —Henry David Thoreau
“Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.” —Dale Carnegie
“Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. The slogan ‘Press On’ has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race.” —Calvin Coolidge
“There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind.” —Mister Rogers
“Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.” —John Wooden
“I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.” —Estée Lauder
“Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.”―W. P. Kinsella
“It's the children the world almost breaks who grow up to save it.”- Frank Warren
“You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.” —George Lorimer
“Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.” —Nelson Mandela
“The most difficult thing is the decision to act; the rest is merely tenacity.” —Amelia Earhart
“You’ll find that education is just about the only thing lying around loose in this world, and it’s about the only thing a fellow can have as much of as he’s willing to haul away.” —John Graham
“Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new.” —Augustine Og Mandino
Certainly! Here are 100 motivational quotes for your random quote generator project:

"The best way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." – Walt Disney
"The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty." – Winston Churchill
"Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today." – Will Rogers
"You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character." – Unknown
"It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up." – Vince Lombardi
"If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you." – Steve Jobs
"People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do." – Rob Siltanen
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough." – Og Mandino
"Entrepreneurs are great at dealing with uncertainty and also very good at minimizing risk. That’s the classic entrepreneur." – Mohnish Pabrai
"We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated." – Maya Angelou
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do." – Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
"Imagine your life is perfect in every respect; what would it look like?" – Brian Tracy
"We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action." – Dr. Henry Link
"Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right." – Henry Ford
"Security is mostly a superstition. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing." – Helen Keller
"The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others." – Hasidic Proverb
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." – Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Creativity is intelligence having fun." – Albert Einstein
"What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving 110% all the time." – Don Zimmer
"Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are." – Theodore Roosevelt
"Develop an ‘attitude of gratitude’. Say thank you to everyone you meet for everything they do for you." – Brian Tracy
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." – C.S. Lewis
"To see what is right and not do it is a lack of courage." – Confucius
"Reading is to the mind, as exercise is to the body." – Brian Tracy
"Fake it until you make it! Act as if you had all the confidence you require until it becomes your reality." – Brian Tracy
"The future belongs to the competent. Get good, get better, be the best!" – Brian Tracy
"For every reason it’s not possible, there are hundreds of people who have faced the same circumstances and succeeded." – Jack Canfield
"Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." – John Wooden
"A room without books is like a body without a soul." – Marcus Tullius Cicero
"I think goals should never be easy, they should force you to work, even if they are uncomfortable at the time." – Michael Phelps
"One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals." – Michelle Obama
"Today’s accomplishments were yesterday’s impossibilities." – Robert H. Schuller
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." – Steve Jobs
"You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." – Zig Ziglar
"A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power." – Brian Tracy
"There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except the limits you place on your own thinking." – Brian Tracy
"Integrity is the most valuable and respected quality of leadership. Always keep your word." – Brian Tracy
"Leadership is the ability to get extraordinary achievement from ordinary people." – Brian Tracy
"Leaders set high standards. Refuse to tolerate mediocrity or poor performance." – Brian Tracy
"Clarity is the key to effective leadership. What are your goals?" – Brian Tracy
"The best leaders have a high Consideration Factor. They really care about their people." – Brian Tracy
"Leaders think and talk about the solutions. Followers think and talk about the problems." – Brian Tracy
"The key responsibility of leadership is to think about the future. No one else can do it for you." – Brian Tracy
"The effective leader recognizes that they are more dependent on their people than they are on them. Walk softly." – Brian Tracy
"Leaders never use the word failure. They look upon setbacks as learning experiences." – Brian Tracy
"Practice golden rule management in everything you do. Manage others the way you would like to be managed." – Brian Tracy
"Superior leaders are willing to admit a mistake and cut their losses. Be willing to admit that you’ve changed your mind. Don’t persist when the original decision turns out to be a poor one." – Brian Tracy
"Leaders are anticipatory thinkers. They consider all consequences of their behaviors before they act." – Brian Tracy
"The true test of leadership is how well you function in a crisis." – Brian Tracy
"You can have anything you want in life if you just help enough other people get what they want." – Zig Ziglar
"The real opportunity for success lies within the person and not in the job." – Zig Ziglar
"Honesty and integrity are by far the most important assets of an entrepreneur." – Zig Ziglar
"Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning." – Robert Kiyosaki
"If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time." – Steve Jobs
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." – Vidal Sassoon
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." – Walt Disney
"Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don’t quit." – Conrad Hilton
"If you really want to do something, you’ll find a way. If you don’t, you’ll find an excuse." – Jim Rohn
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." – Thomas Jefferson
"Entrepreneurs are great at dealing with uncertainty and also very good at minimizing risk. That’s the classic entrepreneur." – Mohnish Pabrai
"I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work." – Thomas Edison
"If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary." – Jim Rohn
"The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do." – Anonymous
"Do one thing every day that scares you." – Anonymous
"All progress takes place outside the comfort zone." – Michael John Bobak
"People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do." – Rob Siltanen
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." – Henry David Thoreau
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them." – Chris Grosser
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." – John D. Rockefeller
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." – Thomas Jefferson
"There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure." – Colin Powell
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." – Albert Schweitzer
"Success is not in what you have, but who you are." – Bo Bennett
"Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success." – Shiv Khera
"Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome." – Booker T. Washington
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." – Colin R. Davis
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." – Henry David Thoreau
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." – John D. Rockefeller
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." – Thomas Jefferson
"Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." – Roy T. Bennett
"Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go." – William Feather
"Success is not in what you have, but who you are." – Bo Bennett
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." – Winston Churchill
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." – Winston S. Churchill
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." – John D. Rockefeller
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." – Henry David Thoreau
"The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." – Bruce Lee
"Success is not the absence of failure; it's the persistence through failure." – Aisha Tyler
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." – Walt Disney
"Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." – Roy T. Bennett
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." – Henry David Thoreau
"The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." – Bruce Lee
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." – Walt Disney
"Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit." – Conrad Hilton
"Success is not the absence of failure; it's the persistence through failure." – Aisha Tyler
"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." – Will Rogers
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." – Vidal Sassoon
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." – Walt Disney "Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." – Henry David Thoreau
